Welcome back.
In this module, we are going to look to the will architected, the framework and the Amazon Web Services
will architected the framework.
Then we will look to the best practices for building solutions on the US and the IWC global infrastructure.
By the end of this course you will have learned about all component in the IWC architecture and this
will enable you to build a similar architecture showing here in the exam.
You should also be able to construct your own solution architectures that are as large and robust as
this exam that you will see this diagram repeated at the start of most modules in this course and less
in each component in this diagram will be repeated as they are introduced in the course.
So what is cloud architecting?
Cloud architecture is the practice of applying this cloud characteristics to a solution that uses the
cloud services and features to meet an organizational, technical needs and business requirements.
A solution is similar to a blueprint for a building software system.
Require architect to manage their size and complexity.
The cloud architect engage with decision makers to identify the business goals and the capabilities
that need improvement.
Ensure alignment between technology deliverables of a solution and the business goals.
Work with the delivery teams that are implementing the solution to ensure that the technology features
are appropriate.
The A.W. as well architected.
The framework is designed to help you to build a more secure, high performing, resilient and efficient
infrastructure.
It provides a consistent approach to evaluate cloud architectures and guidance to help implement designs.
It documents a set of foundation in the questions and best practices that enable you to understand if
a specific architecture aligns well with the Cloud Vista practices and develop this framework.
After reviewing thousands of customer architectures on natively, it's the five pillars of the will
architecture, the framework of operational excellence, security, reliability, performance efficiency
and cost optimization.
In the security pillar, we address the ability to protect information systems and assets while delivering
business value through the risk assessment and mitigation strategies.
Your architecture will represent a much stronger security presence if you implement a strong identity
foundation and enable traceability ability via cloud trial and apply security at all layers.
Then you want to automate the security best practices and protect the data in transit and at rest in
the operational excellence pillar.
We want to look to the ability to run and monitor the system via, for example, cloud watch.
And we want also to continuously improve supporting the processes and procedures in the reliability
pillar.
We want to recover too quickly from infrastructure or service disruption and we can be able to dynamically
acquire computing resources to meet the demand.
Then we should have a mitigation disruptions such as Misconfigurations and the transit network issues
in the performance efficiency pillar.
We want to choose efficient resources and maintain that efficiency as demand changes and we want to
employ and implement advanced technologies and we want to also employ mechanical sympathy in the course
optimization.
We want to measure the efficiency of our system and software and eliminate any to the expense we want
to consider using managed service over self managed service.
If you would like help with designing a well architected solution, you can use the will architected
tool.
The Atrius Architected Tool is a self-service tool that provides you with an on demand access to current
practices.
These practices can help you to build secure, high performing, resilient and efficient application
infrastructure on a table.
US US will architected tool helps you to review the state of your workload and compare them to the latest
A2'S Architecture Service to practice.
You have access to the tool via the management console and you can define your workload and you can
answer a series of questions in the area of operational excellence, security, reliability, performance
efficiency and cost optimization.
So what are the best practices for building solutions on of use?
As you design a solution, think carefully about it tradeoffs so that you can select an optimal approach.
For example, you might iterate consistency, durability and space for time and it.
And see to deliver higher performance.
Or you might prioritize the speed to market over cost.
Trade offs can increase the cost and complexity of your architecture, so your design decisions should
be based on empirical data.
You might need to perform load testing to ensure that a measurable benefit is obtained in the performance.
Or you might need to perform benchmarking to achieve the most cost optimal workload over time.
When you evaluate performance related improvements, you will also want to consider how your architecture
design choices will impact customer and workload efficiency.
When you run your workload, in the end, you can scale your infrastructure quickly and dynamically
using end or scale.
This will make sure that you implement the scalability at every layer of your infrastructure.
In this scenario that we can see here, when application server reach full capacity, users are prevented
from accessing the application.
In this case, in the ante pattern, the administrator must manually lunch a new server to meet those
demand.
This might take a few minutes for analysis to become available for use after its launch, which can
increases the time that user cannot access the application.
By enabling auto scaling, you can improve your design to anticipate the need for more capacity and
deliver it before it is too late.
The use of a built in monitoring and automation tool at virtually every layer of your infrastructure
take advantage of this tool to ensure that your infrastructure can respond quickly to changes.
You can also use those tools like Cloud Watch and Amazon easy to order scaling to detect and hasty resources
and automate the launch of replacement sources.
You can also be notified when resources allocations change.
The best practices of treating resources as a disposal refers to the idea of thinking about your infrastructure
as software instead of hardware.
With hardware, it is easy to buy a more specific component than you need.
So with hardware, it is easy to buy more specific components that you need so that you are prepared
for the spikes in usage that is expensive and and inflexible.
It is harder to upgrade because of the cost when you treat your resources as disposable, migrating
between instances or other discrete resources is fairly straightforward.
You can quickly respond to changes in capacity needs, upgrade applications and manage the underlying
software.
So additional infrastructure have chains of tightly integrated server, each with a specific purpose.
The problem is that when one of these component or layers goes down, the disruption to the system can
be fatal.
It also make the scaling very difficult.
If you add or remove servers at one layer, you must also connect every server on each connecting layer.
So the example in the list demonstrate a collection of web and application server.
As you can see, if one of the applications server goes down that tightly, coupled with server will
be also down, which means you won't be able to fix only the application, but you have also to fix
and maintain and configure both the application server and the set.
With loose coupling, you can use many solution as a load balancer between the application and the web
layer, and in this case you can change all these unhealthy instances by a healthy application server,
and this will not affect the performance of your web server.
The next best practice is design services, not servers.
Although I mentioned elastic compute to cloud offers tremendous flexibility for designing setting up
your solution.
It shouldn't always be the first option.
That is many other choices like containers or server list solution which can be more appropriate to
your application.
With a serverless solution and many services you don't need to provision, configure and manage an entire
Amazon EC2 instances and with many solution that have a lower profile and are more performance cannot
place server based solutions at a lower cost.
We will describe a few example of a WAC Lambda and US similar queuing service, US and Amazon Dynamo
DB and the elastic load balancing.
And also we looked at the Amazon symbol email service.
Amazon cooking.
Choosing the right database solution is very important for your application in its traditional datacentres
and on a premises in 30 minutes.
Limits on available hardware and no syncing can constrain your choice of a data storage solution.
Use the comments that you choose a data store based on your needs for your application invariant.
Where possible, eliminate a single point of failure from your architecture.
This does not mean that you must.
Always duplicate every component depending on your downtime service level agreement, you can use an
automated solution that only launch the component to win.
Need a common way to avoid single points of failure is to create a secondary stand by the database server
and replicate the data in a single and this method.
This way, if the main database server goes offline, the secondary server can pick up the load.
Cloud computing allows you to trade capital expense for variable expenses.
Caution is a technique to make future request faster and reduce network throughput by temporarily storing
data in an intermediary location between the requester and the permanent storage in the Antipater an
example.
No caching service is used when anyone requests a file from one of the Amazon.
Similar story services as the three buckets.
Each request takes the same amount of time to complete, and each request caused this in the best practice
pattern in the infrastructure we use as Amazon account to the front in front of Amazon necessary to
provide caching.
In this scenario, the initial request checks for a file in Amazon cloud front.
If this is not found, click on different request to file from Amazon three and in iCloud different
stores, a copy of the file at an entry location close to the user and sends a copy to the user who
made the request.
Subsequent requests for the file are retrieved from the now closer location to the user.
This reduces latency and costs because after the first request you no longer pay for the file to be
transformed out of Amazon.
S3 Security is not only about getting through the outer boundary of your infrastructure, it is also
involves ensuring that your individual environments and their component are secured from each other.
For example, in Amazon EC2, you can create security groups that allow you determine which port in
your innocence can send out of the traffic.
Now let us look to the aid of U.S. global infrastructure.
The ADA as a global infrastructure is built around reaching a region and present a physical geographical
location with one or more availability zone.
And availability zone is basically a logical isolation of the second communication between regions use
either as backbone network infrastructure.
You can enable and control data replication across regions and availability zone or each of its zone
is made up of one or more data centers designed for fault isolation, interconnected with other opportunities
zone in a region using a high speed private link for certain services, you can choose your activity
zone and actively as recommends replicating your data across multiple availability zone for data resilience.
There is also a WAC local zone which enables you to run a latency sensitive portion of applications
closer to end users and resources in a specific geography are an extension of an Amazon NWS region where
you can use ATV as services in edge graphical proximity to end user.
This will let you place items, computer storage database and other select services closer to a large
population industry and it grows local zone are managed and supported by the US.
Currently only we have those engineers easily as local zone which available by invitation intervals.
Data center are where the data resides and data processing happen, added.
The center typically has tens of thousands of server.
All data are online instead of in custom A.W. as custom network equipment are stored in those data center
to deliver content to end user with low latency.
Amazon Cloud often chooses a global network that includes over 200 point of presence that are compromised
of edge locations.
Original caches.
Edge locations are located in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, South American, Middle East,
Africa and China.
Those locations support services like Amazon City three and Amazon to cloud different regional IT caches
are used by default with amounts on the fronts they are used when we have content that is not accessed
infrequently enough to remain in an edge cache.
Regional edge caches absorb these content and provide an alternative to fetching the content from the
origin server.
In this module we learned how to define a cloud architecture.
Describe how to design and evaluate architectures using the will architects.
The framework explained the best practices for building solutions on NWS.
Describe how to make informed decision on where to place US resources.
There is additional resources if you want to learn more about the will, the framework that you can
visit.
We as a global infrastructure and Italy as well architected a framework like PayPal.
Thank you for seeing this video and see you in the next one.